#52 address some of Ekr comments (#53)
tls-attestation/use-cases-and-properties: draft-mihalcea-seat-use-cases.md

specific attestation formats they can produce or consume, and the attestation
models they support. This enables interoperability and allows for graceful
fallback for endpoints that do not support RA.
The negotiation of formats is required because several vendors -- like Intel,
AMD, Arm, and IBM -- have their own Evidence formats.

> One way to solve this problem is to use Conceptual Message Wrappers {{I-D.ietf-rats-msg-wrap}}.

Reviewer: The last line is not appropriate for this draft.

Author: It's just offering one possibility, no? We can rephrase it.

Reviewer: Sure, re-phrase it but don't discuss any solutions. we can say something like:
A conforming solution will have to support a mechanism to identify the content type and encoding of Evidence to facilitate interoperability

Author: Done, please check.

## Runtime Attestation

> Ideally, remote attestation should provide assurance that the configuration of the Target Environment does not change between successive appraisals. However, to our knowledge, current state-of-the-art systems do not achieve such a guarantee. In such cases, frequent runtime attestation by the Verifier can reduce the exposure window, though the risk of a configuration change occurring between the time Evidence is collected and the time the Appraisal Policy is applied, a Time-Of-Check-To-Time-Of-Use (TOCTOU) vulnerability cannot be entirely eliminated.

Reviewer 2: > remote attestation should provide assurance that the configuration of the Target Environment does not change between successive appraisals

Don't think that's true, but can live with the phrasing. The assurance should be that the way those configuration changes are done is transparent to the RP so it can determine if it would trust a system both before and after the change.

```suggestion
Ideally, remote attestation should allow the Relying Party to assess the configuration change policy present in the Attester. This enables more nuanced trust decisions based on how the Attester's state might change after appraisal. However, to our knowledge, current state-of-the-art systems do not achieve such a guarantee. In such cases, frequent runtime attestation by the Verifier can reduce the exposure window, though the risk of a malicious configuration change occurring between the time Evidence is collected and the time the Appraisal Policy is applied, a Time-Of-Check-To-Time-Of-Use (TOCTOU) vulnerability cannot be entirely eliminated.
```

Author: Is it the change of configuration or the policy that it assesses?

Reviewer 2: It's the policy for how configuration changes can happen, so... a mix of both, I guess. What I expect would be reflected is something like "All configuration changes / updates have to be signed by the certified key X", which the RP could trust.

Reviewer 3: +1 to @ionut-arm's suggestion

Author: would something 'configuration change is in accordance with the policy' capture your point more precisely?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think that works - maybe a bit more explicit, "configuration change is in accordance with a policy that the RP accepts", or something along those lines.

Author: Thanks, see if the new text works for you.

## Runtime Attestation

> Ideally, Evidence should ensure that the configuration of the attested endpoint does not change, except in certain cases, such as the explicit approval from the peer.

Reviewer: I propose following change to align with RATS:

Ideally, attestation should provide assurance that the configuration of the Target Environment does not change between successive appraisals. However, to our knowledge, current state-of-the-art systems do not achieve such a guarantee. In such cases, frequent re-attestation by the Verifier can reduce the exposure window, though the risk of a configuration change occurring between the time Evidence is collected and the time the Appraisal Policy is applied, a Time-Of-Check-To-Time-Of-Use (TOCTOU) vulnerability cannot be entirely eliminated.

Author: Fixed as proposed.
